Store: selector labels from store (#1059)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1358](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/1358) Added `part_size` configuration option for HTTP multipart requests minimum part size for S3 storage type
- [#1363](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/1363) Thanos Receive now exposes `thanos_receive_hashring_nodes` and `thanos_receive_hashring_tenants` metrics to monitor status of hash-rings

> - [#1059](https://github.com/improbable-eng/thanos/pull/1059) Store: selector labels from store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1059](https://github.com/improbable-eng/thanos/pull/1059) Store: Added label selecting. This allows store gateway to serve only certain TSDB blocks from object store. 
```
